# Bellybutton-Biodiversity
## Purpose
The purpose of this analysis was to create dynamic charts for volunteers and researchers to easily use to gain access to bellybutton bacteria data. The startup company, Improbable Beef partnered with a biological researcher, Roza, in an attempt to discover a bacteria species that can be used in the synthesis of beef. Roza  hypothesizes that the ideal bacteria Improbable Beef is seeking can be found in the navel of humans. The researcher has taken samples of belly button bacteria from many anonymous volunteers and created a website where the volunteers and fellow researchers could access the results of the study. Roza created an engaging website with interactive charts that is user friendly. She specifically wanted the participants to be able see the top ten bacteria species found in their own bellybuttons.  As soon as Improbable Beef identifies and announces the bacteria candidate, the participants can easily see if they qualify in contributing to the production of synthetic beef. 

The website Roza created has a dropdown menu where participants or researchers can select a specific ID number.  When this number is selected the demographics tied to this candidate appear in the demographics box.  Along with the population of the demographics box, an engaging bar chart and colorful bubble chart display the types of bacteria found in the participants navel.  The bar chart identifies the top ten bacteria found and the bubble chart identifies all bacteria found in the navel of that particular person.  The last graph is a gauge chart that displays the washing frequency per week of that person's bellybutton.  It is interesting to note that washing frequency does not seem to have an affect on types or amounts of bacteria found. It would be compelling to do a more in depth analysis on that topic to see if there truly is correlation between washing frequency and types and amounts of bacterium found in the human navel. 

## Resources
JavaScript, HTML, CSS, D3, Boostrap, VSCode, GitHub
